Declaration
##########
Now, with the development of the Internet, the connection between people has been established, and capital has found a broader point of value in it and based on creativity, connecting the masses with capital, idealism in the form of openness Established solutions such as more, and formed a balance between capital and the masses, as one of its main forces to curb the expansion of capital in its Internet.

The Renaissance, the Enlightenment, the Paris Commune... Now, the human mind shines! Countless idealistic pioneers fought great struggles against elites, capitalism, etc.; under the struggle of the proletariat, the power and size of capital was curbed. Today, with the ebb of the international communist movement, capitalism has regained the mainstream discourse power; in an era when everyone is more inclined towards capitalism and valueism, the situation for idealists is getting more and more difficult.

Taking value as its main measurement purpose is becoming a social consensus. Under the blessing of human selfishness, greed and the most primitive desire of human nature, a deformed value orientation has been formed, and it has become a considerable number of group values ​​under the blessing of the Internet. Fairness, openness, ideas and other important forces that cannot be ignored in the development of science and technology, and the important key factors that guide the progress of human society are gradually weakening among the masses.

By uniting the borderless non-profit decentralized community autonomous organization, taking the Internet openness theory as practice, in open educational resources, open knowledge, open topics, open standards, open participation, open innovation, open Ideas play an active role, balancing capital and the masses as the main goal to work towards. Ultimately, through the deepening of open theory, anyone can participate in a research, articulate an idea and get support and a learning path, that is, the application of open theory in the Internet.

Limit the development and scale of its capital in the Internet, so as to form a balance between the two to promote the development and progress of culture, science and technology, ensure the healthy development of human nature, and defend justice, fairness, and openness.

Open Minds and Society
----------------
The concept of openness is one of the indispensable theories in the operation of human beings to achieve a civilized society. It plays an important role in the openness of knowledge; the accessibility of technology and other resources; the transparency of actions; the permeability of organizational structures; and the inclusiveness of participation. It is an indispensable part of promoting the quality, knowledge acquisition and life experience of the masses in a country.

The confrontation between capital and freedom
------------------
The openness of the Internet is best known as the GNU free software movement led by Richard Matthew Stallman, making free solutions available to ordinary netizens around the world, while reducing the cost of development for most companies. Through this movement, the later Linux ecosystem became the third largest desktop system in the world, and played a very strong role in various fields after that to limit the expansion of capital and the basic protection of national basic security.

At the same time, it has driven countless open source software enthusiasts to build an open Kaiyuan ecology, which is freely licensed to users and learning through various open source licenses, forming a community and open source atmosphere that adapts to different environments. The community approach solves the class gap. Anyone can participate in the maintenance of their projects, express their opinions and get help and support. Through the open model, the community promotes the scale of activities and the long-term development of the project through openness.

Capital and Nonprofit
-------------
In a certain sense, the development and change of any society often starts from the development and change of production tools. Today's world is in the progress of network technology centered on the development of Internet infrastructure. With the improvement of communication infrastructure, developing countries use the Internet The leading production tools are gradually developing. The ecological construction based on the mobile Internet has promoted the transmission of messages, established the connection between people, and people's pursuit of material and spirituality has also been improved in different ways.

At present, closed communities and circles are gradually increasing, exacerbating the polarization of rich and poor on a global scale, and promoting more barriers to inequality. The confrontation between modern industry and science on the one hand and modern poverty and weak basic family strength on the other is an obvious and unavoidable fact. Science and technology itself has no class attribute, but science and technology must serve the occupiers of science and technology.

At the same time, with the gradual deployment of the Internet ecosystem by some individuals, families, and capital with primitive accumulation, the "Industry 4.0" and "Internet +" also reflect the great development space and importance of the Internet, and many countries also take this as a The national-level strategic goals, from the earliest "information superhighway"-based strategic goals to the current "Industry 4.0" and "Internet +", all lay the foundation for the convenience of their networks, and the network is gradually building people. The connection with people has opened up the gap in the dissemination of news.

A lot of capital has been deployed in the fields of people's livelihood, social interaction, interactive entertainment, knowledge and entertainment, finance, mobile Internet and other fields. Through the dissemination of information, more people have realized the news that they are only limited to, and have seen the "outside world". Recognize the class gap and their own weakness. Among them, it is more about "seeing". In communication, the premise of a message's dissemination is that someone discovers it, so there will be so-called dissemination, and dissemination corresponds to traffic.

With the blessing of traffic and platforms, the corresponding value is more interest, and the values ​​behind most subjects have become the values ​​of the whole society invisibly, and the values ​​of these people are interests, and the values ​​of a society are only about money. , Only talk about interests, money is the only criterion, then such a society will become a capital society.

Under this kind of blessing, what a person does will usher in the masses to consider and compare all kinds of things based on the premise of interests, thus getting a mental blow, thus leading to a decline in the creativity of young people. In addition, the current information retrieval speed has been improved, and more and more people have a sense of superiority in knowledge and the construction of a pan-knowledge platform. Therefore, there will be an illusion of "I can do it myself". The content lacks a certain amount of respect.

This will lead to the entry of capital. Fundamentally speaking, the essence of science and technology is the promotion of capital, because capital is often good at finding points of interest, so as to enter, and the endless expansion of capital is due to lack of competition. , the original intention of the joint now is to support and promote the emergence and completion of ideas in a non-profit community way, and to provide resources and learning support and guidance.

Proletariat and Hackers
------------------
It was the proletariat who first fought against capital, and the country established by the proletariat is called the Soviet Union, now Russia. The emergence of communism broke the privilege of the traditional class aristocracy and the exploitation of the people by capital. In the future, the emergence of the Comintern allowed people from all nations and countries in the world to connect because of their beliefs. In the Comintern, there were people from Albania, France, Italy, Germany, Poland, the United States, Ireland, Yugoslavia, and the United Kingdom. , Belgium, Canada, Cuba, Czechoslovakia, Hungary, Mexico, Argentina, the Netherlands and other countries, joined the war to defend the interests and human rights of the people.

At present, most countries are in a non-war environment. Thanks to the struggle of the proletariat, people live a different life than before, their basic labor is respected, they have social subsidies, and they have the right to vote and be elected. and freedom.

In contrast, the struggle between the proletariat and capital is still ongoing. On the Internet, the most representative of the proletariat is the open source community. With the blessing of open source culture and the original hacker spirit, different countries, nationalities, skin colors, languages ​​have been established. The communication between them, a community that strives for the same pursuit and goal, is the spiritual transmission of the proletariat in the Internet.

Therefore, with the change of life, the contradictions are also transferred from the powerful, and with it comes the germination of capitalist culture. At present, under the premise that human rights are guaranteed, and in many cases, with the transfer of the elite class, the subject who originally undertakes forced labor has been transferred to money, and labor is required in exchange for material pursuits in life, so as to obtain corresponding This is the fairness that the proletariat strives for.

Under this framework, the value corresponding to labor is equal to the remuneration paid. In terms of value and money, people will consider whether to buy something because of its value. This is also the rights and interests of the proletariat, and a person is the most What is valuable is his creativity.

Whereas the traditional hacker spirit originally refers to someone skilled in information technology who uses their technical knowledge to achieve goals and overcome obstacles through non-standard means within a computerized system. Hackers are also swordsmen with violent execution methods in the network. Through their own creativity and ideas, they have their own political opinions and understanding of things. It is a group that the government and capital cannot control.

So hacking as a form of civil disobedience to promote a political agenda or social change, unlike the armed and bloody struggle of the proletariat, the internet is the fairest framework and its status is judged by the actions made and the king, Instead of judging a person's status based on false criteria such as degree, age, race, gender, income or position in reality.

The struggle between idealism and capitalism
---------------------------------------
Capital, this is a very important term under the framework of economics. In many cases, capital is a group that achieves a certain goal through the relationship of employment for the purpose of profit. Capital is not terrible, but it lacks restraint and is endless. Expansion, after the proletarian revolution, has broken the privileges of the original aristocracy and maintained labor security, human rights, social security and other aspects of welfare.

Expansion of capital will lead to labor exploitation, deformed values ​​and other phenomena, but under a stable economic framework, capital can promote social employment and the provision of labor positions, and even use company culture to attract like-minded laborers to join in and work for common ideas. mutual success.

With the factors of people's economic level and social stability, this will inevitably lead to the judgment that everyone has capital, that is, everyone is biased towards capitalism, that is, most things take into account interests and act, so in the proletariat and capital After the struggle of the aristocracy and the aristocracy. The values ​​of capital will eventually form the general recognition of the society, and finally, idealism will fight against groups that think mainly about capital values, that is, the struggle between ordinary people and ordinary people.

And this kind of struggle is carried out without gunpowder. In the Internet, the hacker spirit is the most representative idea of ​​idealism, and under this framework, thinking that is separated from the framework of the original economics and real society is more It is in line with the hacker spirit, guided by its unique culture, and implemented in a community way.

A person's efforts and success come from the development of technology and the spread of culture, international factors, national policy adjustments, etc., and the original accumulation of value families. Therefore, for some ideas or ideas that are different from the mainstream, many tend to be realistic. Blows or satires of groups that identify with socialism and universal social values. The existence of the community can be operated in a way of sharing, collaboration, openness, freedom and free.

By sharing knowledge, more people can get over the cognitive barriers caused by the gap between people, so as to improve themselves and help others, and give opportunities to learn. The factors of freedom, openness, and collaboration build an open collaborative environment where everyone is equal and can participate in order to achieve a common purpose and fight against the universal value capital of society in a free way to maintain this seemingly delicate balance.

Data Value and Consensus
------------------
At present, the ecological construction based on blockchain and web3 is gradually entering the perspective of ordinary people, and the essence of blockchain is to give traditional economic concepts to the Internet, to give value to data, and to drive the economy. Data is the essence of the blockchain, and the concept of smart contracts in it is regarded as it sets the rules and restrictions, which guarantees fairness and the application of DeFi and AMM in the Internet.

Therefore, whether it is the current exchange or the concept of NFT, it is the core factor in the layout of the future metaverse, so as to build a virtual spiritual world, a system that operates according to its rules, and builds a system that respects ideals and everyone Equal, open and free world, the metaverse. The essence of blockchain is the application of Defi finance in the Internet, that is, giving data value, and its decentralization is the main idea.

It will lead to the limitation of vested interests in the framework of the real society, so the capital in the future will be limited, and the relationship between people and capital will live in harmony. Therefore, idealism has become their common consensus, and idealism is its opposite to limit its framework. It is the most deadly attack method and means to undermine its role and weaken its influence, so building a community dominated by ideals is a powerful point to balance the power of capital and the masses.

Taking the open community as the center, adhering to the open concept, through the existing Kaiyuan ecology, in order to deal with the never-ending security threats in the future, the practice of open theory must achieve the following consensus:

According to the themes of open participation and open innovation, providing a channel for the former to elaborate ideas and further develop through open participation is one of the important attributes of fully implementing the theory of openness. Organizations are organized according to the themes of open participation and open innovation. The event builds open communities, promotes open participation and the output of multiple innovative ideas.

With knowledge sharing and resource sharing, anyone can gain access to learning and advanced concepts. At the same time, a knowledge sharing platform must be built to reduce the cost of netizens acquiring learning channels. It is necessary to link theory with practice, seek truth from facts, and obtain results in practice. That is to explore, boldly experiment, pioneer and innovate, carry out work creatively, constantly study new situations, summarize new experiences, solve new problems, enrich the knowledge base in practical learning, and promote open knowledge, education, and resources.

In the operation and management of non-profit autonomous organizations, the open theory is the fundamental organizational principle of the present, and it is also the application of the open theory in Internet life. We must fully promote open participation and decentralization, respect the dominant position of participants, guarantee the voting rights of participants, give full play to the enthusiasm and creativity of netizens, and properly conduct criticism and self-criticism in the process of promoting organizational openness.

Set up a platform for soliciting opinions and open ideas and proposals to gather current issues of netizens, avoid promoting more openness and inequality on the Internet, maintain fairness and justice, disclose the truth of events, and promote fairness and justice on the Internet.